#### Test cases
**Test Case ID**|**Test Name**|**Description**|**Preconditions**|**Test Steps**|**Excepted results**|**Final Condition**
:-----:|:-----:|:-----:|:-----:|:-----:|:-----:|:-----:
SCOUT001|Sign out of the app|The purpose of the test is to correctly log the user out of the application|The user account must exist and be active. The user must be logged in|1. Click the Logout button|The user logged out of the application properly|the user logged out of the application. It can no longer see data from the app.
SCOUT002|Login attempt when entering an incorrect password and login |The purpose of the test is to verify the conditions for successful login to the application |User must exist|1.  Enter the wrong login 2. Please enter the wrong password.3. Click sign in. |No sign in to the app. Identifiter or password invalid is displayed |The user is not logged in. Identifiter or password invalid is displayed
SCOUT003|Attempt to log in without entering a password and login | The purpose of the test is to verify the conditions for successful login to the application |User must exist|1. Enter your login or password 2. Do not complete the second value.3. Click sign in.| No sign in to the app. Please provide your username or e-mail is displayed | User is not logged in. Please provide your username or e-mail is displayed
SCOUT004|Attempt to create a player with incorrectly completed data in text fields|The purpose of the test is to verify variants of creating a new player |	The user must be logged in. There must be an Add Player button on the page. The user enters the numeric data in the text boxes.| 1. Click the Add Player button. 2. In the Name box type any string of numbers. 3. Click "Add Player" |	New Player is not added |	New Player is not added. The player is not visible and the application
SCOUT005|	Attempt to create a player with incorrectly completed data in numeric fields| The purpose of the test is to verify variants of creating a new player|	The user must be logged in. There must be an Add Player button on the page. The user enters text data in the numeric fields.| 	1. Click the Add Player button. 2. In the Height and weight box type any string of letters 3. Click "Add Player" |	New Player is not added |	New Player is not added. The player is not visible and the application|
SCOUT006 | Attempt to create a player with an incorrectly completed date of birth | The purpose of the test is to verify the variants of creating a new player |	The user must be logged in. There must be an Add Player button on the page. You type a future date in the Birthday field. |	1. Click the Add Player button. 2. In the Date of birth field indicate a date that is later than the day on which the tests were taken. 3. Click "Add Player" |	New player is not added |	New player is not added. The player is not visible and the application |
SCOUT007 | Add matches	| The goal is to add a new match |The user must be existing. Players must be added to the system.	 The user must be existing. Players must be added to the system.	| 1. On the home desktop, click Players. 2. On the cockpit, select Matches 3. Click Add match. 4. Click Submit. 5. Verify that the data has been saved | Match has been added | The file has been generated. It can be saved. Has valid data.|
SCOUT008 |	Generate a file |	The goal is to generate a file with the data placed in the application |	The application must be supplemented with the data of players and matches.|	1. In the main window, select Players. 2. From the top menu, select Download CSV. 3. Download the file. 4. Verify the correctness of the data |The file has been generated | The file has been generated. It can be saved. Has valid data.|
SCOUT009 |	Print |	The goal is to print data from the application |	The application must be filled in the data of players and matches.|	1. In the main window select Players. 2. Select Print from the top menu. 3. Verify the data in the window 4.Click Print |	The data specified by the user has been printed |The required data has been printed.|
SCOUT010|View layout |The purpose of the test is to verify the view layout for a given user |The application must be supplemented with player and match data.|1. In the main window| select Players. 2. Select View Columns from the top menu. 3. Select the selected columns you want to see 4. Verify that the application displays only the columns you specify|The application indicates only the columns indicated by the user|The user sees the columns he wants.|The user has the option to change them.|
SCOUT011|Data search|	The purpose of the test is to search for existing data.|Application must be supplemented with player and match data|1. In the main window, select Players. 2. From the top menu, select Search. 3. enter the details of the player existing in the system 4.Verify the received data |The application indicated the data according to the data entered in the Search field| The application indicated the data searched by the user|
SCOUT012|Adding links |The goal is to edit an existing player |The player must be introduced to the base. |1. On the home desktop, click Players. 2. Choose any player. 3 In the links box, add link and click add link from youtube 4. Click Submit | Link has been added to the player's profile|  The link has been added correctly, it is active|
SCOUT013|Add a language |The goal is to edit an existing player |The player must be introduced to the base. | 1. On the home desktop, click Players. 2. Choose any player. 3 In the Languages field, add anylanguage and Click add language 4. Click Submit | The language has been added to the player's profile.| The language has been added to the player's profile.|
SCOUT014|Edit an existing player |The goal is to edit an existing player|	The player must be entered into the base.|	1. On the home desktop click Players. 2. Choose any player. 3. Change any field. 4. Click Submit. 5. Verify that the data has been saved |The existing player's data is edited.|The player's details are changed.|
SCOUT015|Remove a language|	The goal is to remove a language from a player's profile.|The player must be entered into the database. The language in the player's profile must be completed |1. On the home desktop, click Players. 2. Choose any player. 3. In the "Languages" module, click the trash can next to the selected language. 4. Click Submit. 5. Verify that the data has been saved |The existing player's data is edited.|The player's details are changed.|
SCOUT016|Remove a link|The goal is to remove   a link from a player's profile |The player must be introduced to the database. The link in the player's profile must be completed | 1. On the home desktop, click Players. 2. Choose any player. 3. In the "Links" module, click on the trash can next to the selected link. 4. Click Submit. 5. Verify that the data has been saved |The existing player's data is edited.|The player's details are changed.|
SCOUT017|Login to the application with indication of the English language|	The purpose of the test is to log the user into the application so that the application opens in English |User account must exist and be active|  1. In the LOGIN field, enter user login 2. In the Password field, enter the password for user 3. Select English 3. Click the Sign in button |User is logged in to the application The home page of the application is displayed in English| User is logged in to the application The home page of the application is displayed in English|
SCOUT018|Recently updated players view|	The goal is to verify the status of updated players |The player must be entered into the base. | 1. On the home desktop, click Players. 2. Choose any player. 3. Change any field. 4. Click Submit. 5. Verify that the data has been saved 6. On the home screen, verify that the player appears as the last updated player|  Player update is visible on the home page|  Player update is visible on the home page|
SCOUT019|Filtering |The purpose of the test is to verify the view layout for a given user |The application must be filled in the data of players and matches.|1. On the home desktop, click Players. 2. Choose any player. 3. Change any field. 4. Click Submit. 5. Verify that the data has been saved 6. On the home screen, verify that the player appears as the last updated player| Player update is visible on the home page|  Player update is visible on the home page|
SCOUT020|Page navigation |The goal is to verify the navigation of the page| The user must be logged in to the application| 1. From the main window| go to any other subpage. 2. Go back to the next subpage. 3. Verify that you have been redirected correctly 4. Click Home  |The user always returns to the home page.|The user always returns to the home page. Navigation and forwarding are working properly|
